[system test] [doc] kafka package (#10650)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: development-docs/systemtests/io.strimzi.systemtest.kafka.ConfigProviderST.md

# ConfigProviderST

> **Description:** Test ensuring Kafka Connect works properly using ConfigMap and EnvVar configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** Tests to ensure Kafka Connect functions correctly using ConfigMap and EnvVar configuration.
```
